{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2638
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red49\green49\blue49;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;
\red0\green0\blue0;\red226\green228\blue244;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c25098\c25098\c25098;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0\c3922;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000;
\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0\c87059;\cssrgb\c90980\c91765\c96471;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww16060\viewh11900\viewkind0
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 SEO bud - https://tools.wordstream.com/fkt?website=aws\
PRICES - https://www.concurrencylabs.com/blog/choose-your-aws-region-wisely/\
\
How to pick an AWS region?\
\
When it comes to choosing the right region for your amazon web services, there are several things to keep in mind. First is the geographical location - Where are you expecting the traffic from? Answering this question, will help you achieve the lowest latency to your endusers. \
\
\
\
This way you can choose one, that\'92s nearby and therefore achieve minimal latency. \
\
\
It\'92s always hard to pick the AWS region, that will have all the availability zones nearby - especially, when you are building an aws cloud or a server in a region, that\'92s not familiar to you. Because latency for your ex2, s3 or VPC servers is essential and the geographical location plays the main role in it. \
\
When it comes to good pracices it\'92s even better to distribute your components between 2 availablity zones, in case one instance fails, one could setup a backup server or serverless component (like 
\f1\fs28 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
dynamodb, lambda), that will take over.
\f0\fs24 \cf0 \cb1 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \
\
\
Also having a backup region\
\
AWS outage\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\fs28 \cf2 \cb4 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
amazon server / aws server / amazonwebservices / awsconsole / availability zone / aws region / \cb3 aws cloud / \cb4 ec2 / \cb3 s3 / \cb4 vpc / \cb3 dynamodb / \cb4 redshift / \cb3 amazon chime / low-latency / edge / 
\f0\fs24 \cf0 \cb1 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
When getting started with AWS, the \
\
Choosing the right AWS region is one of the first and most important choices you have to make, when you set up your AWS components.\
\
Choosing the right region is one of the most important choices you need to make, when getting started with AWS. It will play a huge role in the latency of your infra\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs36 \cf2 \cb4 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Choosing an AWS region is the first decision you have to make when you set up your AWS components. This will \
\

\fs28 \AppleTypeServices\AppleTypeServicesF65539 \cf5 \cb6 A region is a geographic area where AWS is hosting data centers. Each Region has 2 or more Availability Zones. If you distribute your instances across multiple Availability Zones and one instance fails, you can design your application so that an instance in another Availability Zone can handle requests.}